Add diki run script in /hack (#120)
gardener/diki: docs/development/getting-started.md

- the [report package](../../pkg/report/) defines a `report`. A `report` is the output of a `diki` run.

See the [provider specific documentation](../providers/).

## Running diki Locally

> This document will walk you through running Diki against a local shoot cluster for development purposes. This guide uses the Gardener's local development setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This part will walk you through the process of running Diki against a local shoot cluster for development purposes. This guide uses the Gardener's local development setup.
```
